Added documentation to README.md regarding push notifications (#2)
p1gp1g/covesa-aosp-sdk: README.md

There is no AIDL layer for push notifications. Instead of an AIDL-based system service, OEMs implement their own [distributor](https://unifiedpush.org/users/distributors/) which is reacting to a specific broadcast.

> In order to send/receive push notifications a distributor is needed. In this case, we are using Sunup in order to be able to test. Sunup is already doing some work for us, since Mozzilla push services are set by default. We also need some kind of service that handles the Web Pushes: send, receive, register a push service and unregister push service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to send/receive push notifications a distributor is needed. In this case, we are using Sunup in order to be able to test. Sunup is already doing some work for us, since Mozilla push services are set by default.

Push notifications are sent by the application server. Therefore the mobile application registers the push endpoint, and the encryption keys to this server.
```

        updateRegistrationState(true)
    }

    /**
     * The registration is not possible, eg. no network, depending on the reason,
     * you can try to register again directly.
     */
    override suspend fun onRegistrationFailed(reason: FailedReason, instance: String) {
      // TODO: Inform the user that the registration failed and therefore notifications
      // are not available
    }

    /**
     * This application is unregistered by the distributor from receiving push messages
     */
    override suspend fun onUnregistered(instance: String) {
        // TODO: Send an unregister action to your web push server, removing the endpoint
        updateRegistrationState(false)
    }

    /**
     * Update the UI
     */
    private suspend fun updateRegistrationState(registered: Boolean) {
        _events.emit(NewRegistrationState(registered))
    }

    companion object {
        private const val TAG = "PushServiceImpl"
        private val _events = MutableSharedFlow<NewRegistrationState>()
        val events = _events.asSharedFlow()
    }
}
```

Add your `PushService` implementation to your manifest:
```xml

> <service android:name="global.covesa.sdk.client.push.PushServiceImpl"
>     android:exported="true">
>     <intent-filter>
>         <action android:name="global.covesa.sdk.PUSH_EVENT"/>
>         <action android:name="org.unifiedpush.android.connector.RAISE_TO_FOREGROUND"/>
>     </intent-filter>
> </service>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<service android:name="global.covesa.sdk.client.push.PushServiceImpl"
    android:exported="false">
    <intent-filter>
        <action android:name="global.covesa.sdk.PUSH_EVENT"/>
    </intent-filter>
</service>
```

This should not be exported, and the (dummy) service with action RAISE_TO_FOREGROUND is exposed by the lib

```kotlin
PushManager.tryUseCurrentOrDefaultDistributor(activityContext) { success ->
    // TODO: Next step
}
```
With this method the SDK tries to use the saved distributor else, use the default distributor opening the deeplink "unifiedpush://link"
It can be used on application startup to register to the distributor.
If you had already registered to a distributor, this ensure the connection is working.
If the previous distributor has been uninstalled, it will fallback to the user's default.
If you register for the first time, it will use the user's default Distributor or the OS will ask what it should use.
When a distributor is picked, you can then register:

```kotlin
PushManager.tryUseCurrentOrDefaultDistributor(activityContext) { success ->
  if (success) {
    val vapidPubKey = <Your vapid pub key>
    try {
        PushManager.register(
            activity,
            vapid = vapidPubKey
        )
        Log.w(TAG, "UnifiedPush registered with vapid $vapidPubKey")
    } catch (e: PushManager.VapidNotValidException) {
        Log.w(TAG, "UnifiedPush failed to register with vapid $vapidPubKey. With exception $e")
    }
  }
}
```

> #### Get systems available distributors

Reviewer: Maybe we can add a comment that these methods can be used to let the user used a non-default distributor.

A UI have to be implemented to pick one of the distrib listed by getDistributors, then, once selected it is saved with saveDistributor, then it is possible to call register

Reviewer 2: @p1gp1g I agree, this would help the developers. Should I develop this feature?

Reviewer: Sure, I think _Get systems available distributors_, _Save new distributor_ and _Get registered distributor_ can be under the same section, with an introduction, like _Use non-default distributor_ or something like this. It can be inspired from the [UnifiedPush documentation](https://unifiedpush.org/kdoc/connector/)
